README.md, before:

<img src="test corn banner.png">

---
Heyo, I'm Chrys. I linger around ponytown sometimes, but not that often.

I don't mind if you C+H me, especially if we're friends, you just got to sit next to me yourself or invite me to C+H; I only automatically sit with close Discord friends.

<img src="shady stamp 1.png"> <img src="chuo street stamp.gif"> <img src="beat comic art stamp.png">

I'm an OSDD system, but you can just refer to me as Chrys unless I open up about who's fronting.

I like Coroika, Jet Set Radio, and there's other stuff if you feel like checking my rentries.

I got two sides; Jet Set Radio OST and the GOODNIGHT HYPNOPOMP (album) by Stomach Book. Like if I was music, I'd be JSR/JSRF OST and Stomach Book's discography.

<img src="autistic shady stamp 3.png"> <img src="yoyo website icon stamp.png"> <img src="shibuya terminal stamp.gif">

<img src="sophomore slump callithump stamp.png"> <img src="stomach book stamp.png"> <img src="jsrf stamp.png"> <img src="goodnight hypnopomp stamp.png">

I kin Shady from Coroika and Wanderer from Genshin Impact the most. Also I'm puppetkin, I'm a haunted puppet.

I've got C-PTSD and AuDHD. I can struggle a bit with social anxiety and paranoia since I'm an overthinker too, but that's about it. I might have narcissistic traits and borderline traits, but I think it stems from my C-PTSD and not so much from a possible personality disorder.

Pls int if you also like Coroika, Jet Set Radio, or Psychopomp, I might be offtab sometimes tho so whisper to grab my attention.

Dni if proship/darkship or radqueer, or at least don't talk to me about that stuff if you wanna int cuz that shit makes me uncomfortable.

I'm sorry in advance if I struggle to interact much, I don't always know what to talk about and I don't like randomly infodumping my interests unless permitted (=,=;)

---

Commit message:

Revise identity description and community stances
Updated personal information and community guidelines in the README.

README.md, after:

<img src="test corn banner.png">

---
Heyo, I'm Chrys. I linger around ponytown sometimes, but not that often.

I don't mind if you C+H me, especially if we're friends, you just got to sit next to me yourself or invite me to C+H; I only automatically sit with close Discord friends.

<img src="shady stamp 1.png"> <img src="chuo street stamp.gif"> <img src="beat comic art stamp.png">

I'm the main identity of an OSDD system. You may not always be talking to me, you might be talking to some other alters. We're open to mention who's fronting, sometimes our ponytown skins are a hint (you can't rely solely on our skins so you're better off asking).

I like Coroika, Jet Set Radio, and there's other stuff if you feel like checking my rentries.

I got two sides; Jet Set Radio OST and the GOODNIGHT HYPNOPOMP (album) by Stomach Book. Like if I was music, I'd be JSR/JSRF OST and Stomach Book's discography.

<img src="autistic shady stamp 3.png"> <img src="yoyo website icon stamp.png"> <img src="shibuya terminal stamp.gif">

<img src="sophomore slump callithump stamp.png"> <img src="stomach book stamp.png"> <img src="jsrf stamp.png"> <img src="goodnight hypnopomp stamp.png">

I kin Shady from Coroika and Wanderer from Genshin Impact the most. Also I'm puppetkin, I'm a haunted puppet.

I've got C-PTSD and AuDHD. I can struggle a bit with social anxiety and paranoia since I'm an overthinker too, but that's about it. I might have narcissistic traits and borderline traits, but I think it stems from my C-PTSD and not so much from a possible personality disorder.

Pls int if you also like Coroika, Jet Set Radio, or Psychopomp, I might be offtab sometimes tho so whisper to grab my attention.

Doubles are welcome, for both fictives and fictionkin. Sourcemates too ^_^

Instead of a DNI, here are my/our stances;
- Pro-endogenic plurality / Supports all forms of plurality
- Uninterested in shipcourse (but I just don't like stuff darkshippers like)
- Anti-radqueer
  
I think the *majority* of my system go by these stances.

---
